https://next.json-generator.com/

[
  {
    'repeat(100)': {
      riddle: '{{random("It is greater than God and more evil than the devil. The poor have it, the rich need it and if you eat it you’ll die. What is it?", "It walks on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon and three legs in the evening. What is it?", "I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place. What am I?", "What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a mouth but never eats?", "I never was, am always to be. No one ever saw me, nor ever will. And yet I am the confidence of all, To live and breath on this terrestrial ball. What am I?", "At night they come without being fetched. By day they are lost without being stolen. What are they?", " What is in seasons, seconds, centuries and minutes but not in decades, years or days?", "The one who makes it, sells it. The one who buys it, never uses it. The one that uses it never knows that he’s using it. What is it?", "The more you have of it, the less you see. What is it?", "What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?", "What English word has three consecutive double letters?", "What’s black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you’re all through with it?", "You throw away the outside and cook the inside. Then you eat the outside and throw away the inside. What did you eat?", "I am always hungry, I must always be fed, the finger I touch, will soon turn red. What am I?", "Ripped from my mother’s womb, beaten and burned, I become a blood thirsty killer. What am I?", "I know a word of letters three. Add two, and fewer there will be!", "I give you a group of three. One is sitting down, and will never get up. The second eats as much as is given to him, yet is always hungry. The third goes away and never returns.", "I have four legs but no tail. Usually I am heard only at night. What am I?", "Half-way up the hill, I see thee at last, lying beneath me with thy sounds and sights — A city in the twilight, dim and vast, with smoking roofs, soft bells, and gleaming lights.", "When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you happy. When old, I am valued more than ever.", "All about, but cannot be seen, can be captured, cannot be held, no throat, but can be heard.", "If you break me, I do not stop working. If you touch me, I may be snared. If you lose me, nothing will matter. What am I?", "Until I am measured I am not known, yet how you miss me when I have flown. What am I?", "I drive men mad for love of me, easily beaten, never free. What am I?", "When set loose, I fly away, never so cursed, as when I go astray.", "Lighter than what I am made of, more of me is hidden than is seen.", "Each morning I appear to lie at your feet, all day I will follow no matter how fast you run, yet I nearly perish in the midday sun.", "My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick. Fat, I am slow. Wind is my foe.", "I am seen in the water if seen in the sky. I am in the rainbow, a jay’s feather,and lapis lazuli.", "Glittering points that downward thrust, sparkling spears that never rust.", "You heard me before, yet you hear me again, then I die, ’till you call me again.", "Three lives have I. Gentle enough to soothe the skin, light enough to caress the sky, hard enough to crack rocks.", "At the sound of me, men may dream or stamp their feet. At the sound of me, women may laugh or sometimes weep.", "What does man love more than life, fear more than death or mortal strife? What the poor have, the rich require, and what contented men desire, what the miser spends and the spendthrift saves, and all men carry to their graves?", "I build up castles. I tear down mountains. I make some men blind, I help others to see. What am I?", "Two in a corner, one in a room, zero in a house, but one in a shelter. What am I?", "Five hundred begins it, five hundred ends it, five in the middle is seen; First of all figures, the first of all letters, take up their stations between. Join all together, and then you will bring before you the name of an eminent king.", "It cannot be seen, it weighs nothing, but when put into a barrel, it makes it lighter. What is it?", "How far will a blind dog walk into a forest?", "What happens when you throw a yellow rock into a purple stream?", "What starts with a T, ends with a T, and has T in it?", "As I went over London Bridge I met my sister Jenny, I broke her neck and drank her blood and left her standing empty.", "Whoever makes it, tells it not. Whoever takes it, knows it not. Whoever knows it, wants it not.", "I am, in truth, a yellow fork from tables in the sky, by inadvertent fingers dropped the awful cutlery, of mansions never quite disclosed and never quite concealed. The apparatus of the dark to ignorance revealed.", "You saw me where I never was and where I could not be. And yet within that very place, my face you often see. What am I?", "Say my name and I disappear. What am I?", "What is it that after you take away the whole, some still remains?", "A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within. What is it?", "Forward I’m heavy, but backwards I’m not. What am I?", "Why doesn’t a mountain covered with snow catch cold?", "I can be long, or I can be short, I can be grown, and I can be bought, I can be painted, or left bare, I can be round, or square. What am I?", "One by one we fall from heaven down into the depths of past, and our world is ever upturned so that yet some time we’ll last.", "I drift forever with the current down these long canals they’ve made, tame, yet wild, I run elusive Multitasking to your aid. Before I came, the world was darker, colder, sometimes, rougher, true, but though I might make living easy, I’m good at killing people too.", "Reaching stiffly for the sky, I bare my fingers when it’s cold. In warmth I wear an emerald glove and in between I dress in gold", "Kings and queens may cling to power and the jester’s got his call, but, as you may all discover, the common one outranks them all.", "Every dawn begins with me, at dusk I’ll be the first you see, and daybreak couldn’t come without what midday centers all about. Daises grow from me, I’m told. And when I come, I end all cold, but in the sun I won’t be found, yet still, each day I’ll be around.", "Kings and lords and christians raised them, since they stand for higher powers, yet few of them would stand, I’m certain, if men ruled this world of ours.", "Soft and fragile is my skin, I get my growth in mud. I’m dangerous as much as pretty, for if not careful, I draw blood.", "Three brothers share a family sport: A non-stop marathon. The oldest one is fat and short And trudges slowly on the middle brother’s tall and slim and keeps a steady pace. The youngest runs just like the wind, a speeding through the race. Hes young in years, we let him run, the other brothers say Cause though he’s surely number one, he’s second, in a way.", "It’s true I bring serenity, and hang around the stars, but yet I live in misery; You’ll find me behind bars with thieves and villains I consort. In prison I’ll be found, but I would never go to court, unless there’s more than one", "I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul. What am I?", "There once was a strange man who loved wordplay, he had a very important and successful business that would take insect shipments from all across the world and distribute them to zoos across the US. Whats his company name?", "There is one word that stands the test of time and holds fast to the center of everything. Though everyone will try at least once in their life to move around this word, but in fact, unknowingly, they use it every moment of the day. Young or old, awake or in sleep, human or animal, this word stands fast. It belongs to everyone, to all living things, but no one can master it. The word is?", "My days are in the summer. When you’ll eat me when I’m hot. In fact I’ll even eat myself where battles tough are fought, but when you find me in a fight, ‘twill be high in the sky, and if you catch me napping, I suggest you let me lie. When you’re bad, come to my house, from Ma get thoughts profound. Am I big or am I small? Some say I’m just a pound.", "My first is twice in apple but not once in tart. My second is in liver but not in heart. My third is in giant and also in ghost. Whole I’m best when I am roast. What am I?", "What gets wetter as it dries?", "This is a most unusual paragraph. How quickly can you find out what is so unusual about it? It looks so ordinary, you’d think nothing was wrong with it – and in fact, nothing is wrong with it. It is unusual though. Why? Study it, think about it, and you may find out. Try to do it without coaching. If you work at it for a bit it will dawn on you. So jump to it and try your skill at figuring it out. Good luck – don’t blow your cool!", "When you went into the woods you got me. You hated me yet you wanted to find me. You went home with me cause you couldn’t find me. What was it?", "An iron horse with a flaxen tail. The faster the horse runs, the shorter his tail becomes. What is it?", "You have to travel far before you turn it over. What is it?", "A mile from end to end, yet as close to as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all. What is it?", "I’m full of holes, yet I’m full of water. What am I?", "Four of us are in your field, but our differences keep us at yield. First, a one that is no fool, though he resembles a gardener’s tool. Next, one difficult to split in two, and a girl once had one as big as her shoe. Then, to the mind, one’s a lovely bonder, and truancy makes it grow fonder. Last, a stem connecting dots of three. Knowing all this, what are we?", "I am a word of meanings three. Three ways of spelling me there be. The first is an odour, a smell if you will. The second some money, but not in a bill. The third is past tense, a method of passing things on or around. Can you tell me now, what these words are, that have the same sound?", "It’s red, blue, purple and green, no one can reach it, not even the queen. What is it?", "What question can you never honestly answer yes to?", "What has a neck and no head, two arms but no hands?", "I live in water. If you cut my head I’m at your door, if you cut my tail I’m fruit, if you cut both I’m with you. What am I?", "Feed me and I live, give me drink and I die. What am I?", "What begins and has no end? What is the ending of all that begins?", "A man went to the hardware store to buy items for his house. 1 would cost $.25. 12 would cost $.50. 122 would cost $.75. When he left the store he had spent $.75, what did he buy?", "What makes a loud noise when changing its jacket, becomes larger but weighs less?", "The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?", "I am a word of 5 letters and people eat me. If you remove the first letter I become a form of energy. Remove the first two and I’m needed to live. Scramble the last 3 and you can drink me. What am I?", "Before any changes I’m a garlic or spice. My first is altered and I’m a hand-warming device. My second is changed and I’m trees in full bloom. The next letter change makes a deathly old tomb. Change the fourth to make a fruit of the vine. Change the last for a chart plotted with lines. What was I? What did I become? What did I turn out to be?", "A woman shoots her husband, then holds him under water for five minutes. Finally, she hangs him. Five minutes later they enjoy a wonderful dinner together. How can this be?", "Remove six letters from this sequence to reveal a familiar English word. BSAINXLEATNTEARS", "Alive without breath, as cold as death. Clad in mail never clinking, never thirsty, ever drinking. What am I?", "With thieves I consort. With the vilest, in short, I’m quite at ease in depravity; Yet all divines use me, and savants can’t lose me, for I am the center of gravity.", "Until I am measured, I am not known, yet how you miss me, when I have flown.", "I never was, am always to be. No one ever saw me, nor ever will, and yet I am the confidence of all to live and breathe on this terrestrial ball.", "Alive without breath, as cold as death. Never thirsty, ever drinking. Clad in mail, never clinking. Drowns on dry land, thinks an island is a mountain. Thinks a fountain, is a puff of air.", "This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers. Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, and beats high mountain down.", "The cost of making only the maker knows, valueless if bought, but sometimes traded. A poor man may give one as easily as a king. When one is broken pain and deceit are assured. What is it?", "Who makes it, has no need of it. Who buys it, has no use for it. Who uses it can neither see nor feel it.", "I build up castles. I tear down mountains. I make some blind, I help others to see. What am I?", "Glittering points that downward thrust, sparkling spears that never rust. What am I?", "Die without me, never thank me. Walk right through me, never feel me. Always watching, never speaking. Always lurking, never seen.", "Pregnant every time you see her, yet she never will give birth.", "I go around in circles, but always straight ahead. Never complain, no matter where I am led.", "How do you make 30 cents with two coins if one of them is not a quarter?")}}',
      start_date: '{{date(new Date(2019, 0, 1), new Date(),"dd-MM-YYYY")}}',
      end_date: '{{date(new Date(2019, 0, 1), new Date(),"dd-MM-YYYY")}}',
      destination: '{{random("15 Mile Creek", "Adams Bank", "Ahimanawa", "Akapatiki Flat", "Alexandra Stream", "Also Gully", "Anawhenua Stream", "Annette Plateau", "Apakura Stream", "Arapaoa River Scenic Reserve", "Arch Hill", "Arnold River", "Ashbys Pit", "Auckland", "Awahoa Bay", "Awapuni", "Axis Spur", "Balcairn", "Banks Range", "Barron Saddle", "Baylys Beach Post Office", "Beelzebub Glacier", "Benford Creek", "Beta Creek", "Big Gully West Branch", "Birchalls Gully", "Blackcleugh Burn", "Black Ridge", "Dead Creek", "Deep Creek", "Demon Gap Icefall", "Devils Punchbowl", "Dillons Stream", "Dockeys Stream", "Donald Stream", "Doubtless Bay", "Driblet Creek", "Duck Creek", "Dunedin", "Earnslaw Park Recreation Reserve", "East Windward Island", "Eight Mile Creek or Close Burn", "Elms Creek", "Entrance Shoal", "Ethne Stream", "Flat Stream", "Flowers Creek", "Gentle Annie Saddle", "Gibsons Creek", "Glamour Torrent", "Gleniti", "Goat Creek", "Goldney Glacier", "Gorge Creek", "Gradwell", "Grants Stream", "Green Hill", "Hillcrest Creek", "Hinge Bay", "Hohonu Range", "Home Creek", "Hoopers Inlet", "Horokiri Wildlife Management Reserve", "Hospital Hill", "Huaero Stream", "Hukainui Point", "Hunter River", "Husband Creek", "Ihawhanui Pa", "Inverness Stream", "Island Hill Homestead", "Jack Creek", "Kaipaki", "Kaitane Stream", "Kaituna Stream", "Kakahi Stream", "Manganuku Stream", "Mangaongaonga Stream", "Mangapapa", "Moengawahine Stream", "Mokauiti", "Molesworth Stream", "Monument Harbour", "Moropunga Island", "Motu", "Motukauatirahi/Cass Bay", "Motungarara Island", "Moturoa Island (Tower Rock)", "Motu Wai Island (Red Island)", "Mount Ambrose", "Mount Beautiful", "Mount Calliope", "Mount Cook", "Pelorus Sound", "Perry Creek", "Piano Creek", "Puhikereru", "Pukeareinga", "Pukekarara", "Pukemiki", "Pukepoto Stream", "Puketapu Pa", "Rakis Table", "Ranger Spur", "Rangiriri West", "Rangiwaea Scenic Reserve", "Raroa Railway Station", "Raukumara Conservation Park", "Rawtor Creek", "Stony Creek", "Stranraer Hill", "Sugar Loaf", "Sunshine", "Swampy Stream", "Table Creek", "Taho Flats", "Taieri River Scenic Reserve", "Taitapu", "Takapurau", "Talus Creek", "Tangent Creek", "Tapanui Hill", "Tapui Stream", "Taranaki Point", "Tarere", "Tatapouri", "Taumarere", "Taunoa Stream", "Taurangatao Spur", "Tauwhare Stream", "Tawhiti", "Te Ahuahu", "Te Apu", "Te Awaatu Channel (The Gut) Marine Reserve", "Te Harua Stream", "Te Horo Marae", "Te Iwi Roa", "Te Karaka Point", "Te Koere Creek", "Te Kumi", "Te Mari", "Te More", "Te Nunuhe Rock", "Te Papiri Point", "Te Tarata Ridge")}}'
    }
  }
]